Clarify provisional account token refresh flow (#8296)
discord/discord-api-docs: developers/discord-social-sdk/development-guides/using-provisional-accounts.mdx

These methods generate a Discord access token. You pass in the user's identity, and it generates a new Discord account tied to that identity. There are multiple ways of specifying that identity, including using Steam/Epic services or your own identity system.

All these methods will return with an access token that expires in 7 days.

#### Refreshing Provisional Account Tokens

Use [`Client::SetTokenExpirationCallback`] to receive a callback when the current token is about to expire or has expired, so you can refresh it without interrupting the user's experience.

> Unlike full Discord accounts, **provisional accounts do not support refresh tokens**. When the token expires, you must re-acquire a new token by calling the same method you used originally (e.g. the [Bot Token Endpoint](#bot-token-endpoint-response) or [`Client::GetProvisionalToken`]), and then pass the new access token to [`Client::UpdateToken`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike full Discord accounts, **provisional accounts do not support refresh tokens**. When the token expires, you must re-acquire a new token by calling the same method you used originally (e.g. the [Server Authentication with Bot Token Endpoint](#server-authentication-with-bot-token-endpoint) or [`Client::GetProvisionalToken`]), and then pass the new access token to [`Client::UpdateToken`].
```
